Create release-handling.md (#1)
kptdev/.github: profile/release-handling.md

## kpt release handling process

This is currently a work-in-progress, based on ongoing discussions in the kpt development team.

### Semantic Versioning

We follow semantic versioning. This can mean we have to reject non-backward-compatible changes until
a breaking release in order to preserve backward compatibility.

For kpt this means:

Packages:
* Package format MUST NOT change
* Optional fields can be added

Command line:
* Subcommands MUST NOT be removed
* Subcommands SHOULD NOT change in meaning
* Command line flags MUST NOT be deleted
* Command line flags SHOULD NOT change in meaning

Code: 

> * Existing behaviours NUST NOT change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Existing behaviours MUST NOT change
```

Compatibility with Kubernetes:
TBD

During a major release, all code is subject to revision, but package backward compatibility SHOULD be retained.

### Issue Triaging

Core maintainers take turns triaging the issue queue (week on, week off). The responsibilities of a triaging run are:

#### Issue tagging
* Bug, feature, question/support, documentation
* Simple fixes tagged as “good first issue”
* Good idea but not prioritised: “help wanted”

#### Addressing / channeling questions/support
* We expect discussion, so features, bugs can be tagged as “question” until a full understanding of the need is achieved

#### Allocating bugs to releases
* High severity bugs go into the next patch release
* Otherwise they go into the next minor release

#### Triaging feature requests:
* Differentiate between core features and kpt functions
* Significant features and breaking changes MUST be described in a “kpt improvement proposal”

#### PR Reviews
* TBD

### Merging PRs

A PR can only be merged only if:
* All tests are passing for that PR

> * The PR has two LGTMs (one for very small changes or administrative updates such as dependency updates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The PR has approvals from two maintainers (one for very small changes or administrative updates such as dependency updates).
```

> * The PR has two LGTMs (one for very small changes or administrative updates such as dependency updates).

Reviewer: LGTM is a Prow concept so I just reworded this to Github terminology.

>   The GitHub Review tool is used to LGTM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The GitHub Review tool is used to merge PRs
```
